Chiperific additions (#180)
AlchemyCMS/alchemy-guides: guides/elements.md

::: warning NOTE
The element definitions are cached. Please restart the server after editing the `elements.yml`.

> *But*, you don't need to re-run the installer for your changes to be picked up in the admin interface.

Author: Some gems rely on config files for initial installation and changes to the configs require re-installing to pick up changes. I agree it's pretty minor and could be omitted.

> *But*, you don't need to re-run the installer for your changes to be picked up in the admin interface.

Author: After, more thinking, I agree it's too pedantic.

> When re-running the views generator without the skip flag (`bin/rails g alchemy:elements`), the generator will prompt you about over-writing your element view partials to include the content changes.

Author: Moved down.

> Re-running the views generator without the skip flag (`bin/rails g alchemy:elements`) can over-write your element view partials to include the content changes if you so desire.

Author: Corrected

</body>
~~~

::: tip

> The above example uses _elements_ (not pages) called `header` and `footer`. If these elements need to be editable in the Admin interface, you should associate these elements with their own [page_layouts](#defining-page-layouts).

Author: Agreed. Made some additional formatting changes around this area.

### Render elements from other pages

A common use case is to have global pages for header and footer parts:
~~~ yaml
# config/alchemy/elements.yml
- name: header

>   message: Navigation bar at the top of every page

Author: Fixed

  contents:
    # ...

- name: footer
  message: Footer section at the bottom of every page
  contents:
    # ...

# config/alchemy/page_layouts.yml

- name: header
  unique: true
  elements: [header]
  autogenerate: [header]
  layoutpage: true

- name: footer
  unique: true
  elements: [footer]
  autogenerate: [footer]
  layoutpage: true
~~~

Which can be added to your `application.html.erb` file:

~~~ erb
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="<%= @page.language_code %>">
  <head>
    ...
  </head>

  <body>
    <header><%= render_elements from_page: 'header' %></header>

    <main>
      <%= yield %>
    </main>

    <footer><%= render_elements from_page: 'footer' %></footer>

    <%= render "alchemy/edit_mode" %>
  </body>
</html>
~~~

### Render a group of elements on a fixed place on the page

Often you have a separate section on one page (like a sidebar) or a global section to be rendered on every page (like a navbar or footer).

> If you tag those elements as `fixed: true` in `elements.yml`, then they'll be separated from the general collection of elements and will be displayed separately in a separate tab in the admin elements section.

Author: Fixed

~~~ yaml {3}
- name: sidebar
  unique: true
  fixed: true
  contents:
    - name: name
      type: EssenceText
      # ...
~~~

> You can then access these elements using the `fixed_elements` method:

Author: Fixed

      contact_form:
        color: Button Farbe
~~~

## Notes on interacting with Elements from the Admin interface

> While this guide is intended for developers building a CMS site, many developer will need to train clients and customers, or interact with the admin interface themselves.

Reviewer: I don't think this paragraph should be part of the guides. This sounds like an explanation why this section is placed here. Can we remove it?

Author: Removed

While the Admin UI tries to be as intuitive as possible, there are a few functions that aren't quite as obvious.

### Re-arranging Elements on a Page

> Collapsed elements can be re-arranged by clicking and dragging the window icon to the left of the element title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elements can be re-arranged by clicking and dragging its icon to the left of the element title.
```

Author: Changed "the window" to "its", but I contend that elements have to be collapsed to actually be re-ordered.

Reviewer: Since this is a bug, please change the text as requested.

> You can't re-arrange an expanded element, you need to collapse it first.

Reviewer: This is not true. Elements can be re-arranged all the time. There is no such feature. Please remove this paragraph

Author: I just tested on several pages with elements of various complexity. When an element is un-collapsed, it doesn't register correctly with the jQuery UI and can't be re-ordered.

Reviewer: This is a bug then. Can you please open an issue in the Alchemy repo and provide reproduction steps on a vanilla Alchemy install? Thanks

Author: This PR is getting a bit cumbersome, I'll just delete the note. I used the guide to do a vanilla alchemy install, which wasn't easy given the guide seems to live somewhere around v4.4. I also don't think this PR solves the real problem which is the lack of an actual v6 guide. I think we're both putting more time into this PR than it's worth.

What I really want to contribute to is an actual v6 guide that talks about ingredients from the get-go. This PR feels like a back-port for v4.4 that no one will actually use if they are starting fresh with Alchemy and need the guides.

Reviewer: You are right, thanks for the patience, but the time is not wasted, since we will start the v6 guide based on this work.
